---
layout: post
section-type: post
has-comments: false
title: The buffet dilemma and happiness
category: buffet
tags: []
---

In a buffet, you will typically find two distinct types of people among the rowdy crowd: those in a haven of opportunity, and others participating in a marathon against time. The former embrace the freedom of the all-you-can-eat restaurant, opting to spend their minutes picking and choosing their way to the meal of their dreams. The latter view this as a chance to finally strike a blow against Big Business, as for once they can come out profitable from a contract deal. 

Specifically, by eating as many cuts of meat as possible, the monetary value of the food this fierce latter customer has consumed may exceed the total cost of the bill handed out when all is done, resulting in a victory. 

This raises a dilemma:

In exchange for their freedom of choice, this champion lands a gut-wrenching uppercut of a $1.59 margin of unprofitability for Big Business. 

Yes, they saved money, but at what cost? Is the happiness associated with your few extra dollars worth the loss of your fundamental buffet freedoms? Don’t you lose your chance at a nutritious meal walking down this path? 

In essence, this rids the concept of a buffet entirely, replacing it with a Korean BBQ where everything is 5.9% off.

Now, contradictory to what can be inferred from my writing, I have no grudge against this lifestyle (well, maybe a little distaste). 

It is instead that I have a specific disliking for the common righteous advocacy of it, having been a victim of intense scolding for eating one too many cucumbers rather than committing my stomach to an overly aggressive anti-vegan diet. 

While I do understand this thought process for the sake of gaining protein or as an alternative for a Korean BBQ and whatnot, I (in my position of no authority) believe that if your sole reason is feeling smart about yourself, you should probably change your mindset. Which I hope has been illustrated well enough by my ramblings above. 

Thank you for sticking with me.
