---
layout: post
section-type: post
has-comments: false
title: Ranking shows
category: shows
tags: []
---

Because I am a (self proclaimed) normal person, I consume a lot of media. With this website being my digital diary in a way, I will rate the anime and shows I have watched, beginning from 4/22/2025 and continuously updating. Instead of using traditional star or letter rankings due to the difficulty in precise comparisons, I will use a different way of ranking—media will be grouped into categories describing my feelings after watching the show, with a score range out of 10 label for rough reference. Since some of my takes might be upsetting, it’s probably necessary to apologize beforehand about disliking a show you really enjoyed.
<br>
<br>
### Changed my life (10/10)
<br>
The anime speaks for itself when you watch it. All of these have greatly impacted my character. In the order of when I watched it:

- Cyberpunk: Edgerunners
- Frieren: Beyond Journey’s End
<br>

### Obsessed with for a while (>9/10)
<br>
Although they aren’t on the level of life changing, they definitely are very close and definitely captivated me for some time.

- Your Name
- Weathering With You
- Vinland Saga
- Solo Leveling
- 86 - Eighty Six
<br>

### Alright (6/10-9/10)
<br>
I was definitely somewhat interested in these, but at the end of the day they didn’t really feel too special.

- Invincible
- Chainsaw Man
- Devil May Cry
<br>

### Made me want to stop watching (<6/10)
<br>
As the header implies, these shows made me want to stop watching in the middle of the season. The most common reason for shows to be put into this category is because of their dialogue.

- Jujitsu Kaisen
- Akira
- Ghost in the Shell
- Dandadan
