---
layout: post
section-type: post
has-comments: false
title: Ranking shows
category: shows
tags: []
---

Because I am a (self proclaimed) normal person, I consume a lot of media. With this website being my digital diary in a way, I will rate the anime and shows I have watched, beginning from 4/22/2025. Instead of using traditional star or letter rankings due to difficulty in comparing, I will use a different way of ranking—media will be grouped into categories describing my feelings after watching the show. Since some of my takes might be upsetting, it’s probably necessary to apologize beforehand about disliking a show you really enjoyed.
<br>
<br>
### Changed my life (10/10)
<br>
The anime speaks for itself when you watch it. All of these have greatly impacted my character. In the order of when I watched it:

Cyberpunk: Edgerunners
Frieren: Beyond Journey’s End
<br>
<br>
### Obsessed for a while (>9/10)
<br>
Although they aren’t on the level of life changing, they definitely are very close and definitely captivated me for some time.

Your Name
Weathering With You
Vinland Saga
Solo Leveling
86 - Eighty Six
<br>
<br>
### Alright
<br>
I was definitely somewhat interested in these, but at the end of the day they didn’t really feel too special. (6/10-9/10)

Invincible
Chainsaw Man
Devil May Cry
<br>
<br>
### Made me want to stop watching (<6/10)
<br>
As the header implies, these shows made me want to stop watching in the middle of the season. The most common reason for shows to be put into this category is because of their dialogue.

Jujitsu Kaisen
Akira
Ghost in the Shell
Dandadan
